docs: update synthetics with zip support (#609)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/synthetics-create-test.asciidoc

----

You are now inside the a synthetics test-suite, which is also an NPM project.

> You can now run the provided tests; By defauly, all files matching the filename `*.journey.(ts|js)*`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now run the provided tests; By default, all files matching the filename `*.journey.(ts|js)*`
```

> You can now run the provided tests; By defauly, all files matching the filename `*.journey.(ts|js)*`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can now run the provided tests. Note that, by default, only files matching the filename `*.journey.(ts|js)*`
```
